Added the review for the Che 7 End-user guide once again. (#783)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/end-user-guide/ref_che-theia-plug-in-metadata.adoc

}
----
<1> VS Code extension ID with a `vscode:extension/` prefix

> <2> Points to the container image in which the extension should run. The image should be based on `eclipse/che-theia-endpoint-runtime` to be able to host VS Code extensions or Che-Theia plug-ins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> Points to the container image in which the extension runs. Use images based on `eclipse/che-theia-endpoint-runtime` to be able to host VS Code extensions or Che-Theia plug-ins.
```
